Evergreen, what's wrong with you?
Don't you wish I was still alive?
Of course I hope Chiwa is still alive
But you look like his face
The smell is different at all
Qianyu used the incense script of Lotus Brand
And you smell like sunset perfume
Such a ostentatious taste
Chiwa is absolutely impossible to use
That's right, I've served the lady for 20 years
I know the smell of him.
You are not a lady at all
I've been lying in this coffin for so long
Of course the taste is different
Not to mention the wedding night
I want a different mood
Evergreen, don't you like it?
OK
The appearance is indeed the appearance of Miss Lin Mansion
However, as a bedside person, the scene is not right
There must be demons
Yes, this disillusioned quack
A group of aspiring people since ancient times
It must be the feeling
People for the property of Lin Mansion
No doubt it's a good forgery.
You three old things
Have you forgotten who your true master is?
Our Lin family has raised you for so many years
Is this how you repay our Lin Mansion?
Qianyu respects the old and loves the young from an early age
Wen Liang Hyun Sook
It is impossible to have such an attitude towards the whole
Tell me who you are
Yeah, you're a fake.
That being the case
Then I'll talk about it
Evergreen, you have a birthmark on your right hip
Others shouldn't know about this, right?
Or something so secretive
What would someone else know?